Sedum, why am I a little nervous?
You said you saw a big-level character like Long Shuai
What should I say?
Silly girl, your husband is very handsome.
If you have anything to say, just say it.
It's time to reveal my identity as Long Shuai
Don't think about it.
Just tell you sincerely as you usually do.
Make friends
Thank you Yueyue in advance
Take the suite and take you in the new car
Yeah, yeah.
Look at you.
It's all your fault, it's all your fault, what kind of investment do you learn every time?
Just your pig brain
What can you do?
Paid for the debt we owed
What do you say?
What to pay
Don't I want to make more money to subsidize my family?
Mom and Dad said on the phone that they lost 30 million
So what's going on?
We are now
Shares are all
That bitch in Ye Fan City took it away alone
Where is the money to pay the 30 million?